---
layout: post
title:  "CaperDoc : Interactive PDF viewer for math studying"
date:   2022-01-03 19:42:00 +0900
categories: SoftwareDesign
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;Me and my teammate made CaperDoc, an interactive PDF viewer for math studying. The program is made by java. You can see full code in [here][CaperDocGithub]. 

[CaperDocGithub]: https://github.com/buaaaaang/20220103-CaperDoc

&nbsp;&nbsp;I study math as my second major. Studying undergraduate level math relies a lot on textbook. I use PDF to see textbook because paper book is too expensive to buy. Math textbooks are filled with contents: theorem, definition, lemma..etc, and each contents have their designated numbers. Theorems and definitions in math has high connectivity. Proof of theorems uses other theorems and defintions. But since they are designated by numbers such as 'theorem 4.1', it is hard to know what that content was by its name. So we should scroll up to find that content, or find that content by name, but both of them are waste of time.

&nbsp;&nbsp;To move quickly to other page, some PDF viewers uses bookmark. By setting bookmark and name of that bookmark on a page, we can move to that page by finding corresponding bookmark from the list. CaperDoc has 'advanced bookmark' in this sense. Using CapderDoc, one can make bookmark more quickly, find bookmark more easily, and can add connectivity information to bookmarks. Also, by aligning same pdf 'in row', one can see original page and moved page at the same time.

&nbsp;&nbsp;CaperDoc support basic functions such as mouse scroll, zoom in/out, draw, select, and erase. Additionally, one can make bookmark by dragging while 'C' is pressed, make link and connection by mouse drag, delete button by clicking delete while button is clicked, move to left or right pdf by clicking left and right arrow button, and save changes by clicking 's'.

&nbsp;&nbsp;You can see how CaperDoc works by this demo video:
<p align="center">
  <video width="90%" controls="controls" src="/assets/2022-01-03-CaperDoc/CaperDocDemo.mp4">
</p>


